docs: needed items from circle at migration (#145)
defi-wonderland/opUSDC: README.md

yarn script:migrate:broadcast
```

### What will circle need at migration?

#### 1. Circle will need the metadata from the original deployment of the USDC implementation that was used
  

> To do this you will need to go back to the `stablecoin-evm` github repo that the implementation was deployed from inorder to extract the raw metadata from the compiled files you can run a command like this

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this you will need to go back to the `stablecoin-evm` github repo that the implementation was deployed from in order to extract the raw metadata from the compiled files you can run a command like this
```

> ```bash

Reviewer: This was on the `artifacts/` folder when I run it. Could we add a comment with that? That might not be `out/` but rather `artifacts/` or any similar folder?
